# Experiment "Scalability"

# Overview
The aim of this experiment is assessing how increasing the number of nodes affect the performance of all three (default, static, dynamic) methods in Terasort application. In our setup, the number of nodes and the input data size were increased by a factor of 4. Since this experiment requires two different setups, the data for the plotting script requires some manual intervention by the user. (Explained in the requirements section).

# Tools
Same tools are used as figure 8 (see docs).

# Scripts
#### `plot_dca_dynamic.py`
plots the final figure.

#### Arguments
* --inputFile, -i: Absolute path of the file generated by the `../dca/combine.sh` script.
* --outputFileName, -o: Absolute path of the output pdf file containing the figure.

# Requirements
The user must copy the corresponding lines from `$RESULT_HOME/resultDca.csv` and `$RESULT_HOME/resultDcaStatic.csv` to a new file and pass that as the input (-i) argument for `plot_dca_dynamic.py`.

In order to do that, the experiment must be run with the first set of nodes in default, static and dynamic mode. For default and dynamic, the corresponding lines can be found in `$RESULT_HOME/resultDca.csv` and should be directly copied to the new file. For the static mode, the corresponding lines can be found in `$RESULT_HOME/resultDcaStatic.csv` and should be copied to the same new file, while changing the value of the `adaptive` column for all the lines to `999`. Once these steps are complete, the new file can be passed as the input to the `plot_dca_dynamic.py` script.
